chore: how to debug flow client in your project guide (and some mino other CONTRIBUTING, README md file changes) (#16084)
vaadin/flow: flow-client/README.md

   - remove dev-bundle in the current folder: `rm -rf src/main/dev-bundle`
   - remove dev-bundle in the sub-folders: find . -type d -name dev-bundle -delete

## Debugging

In short debugging is building flow client JS in pretty/detailed mode and then adding it to your project and then using it for debugging in the browser.
1. `git clone git@github.com:vaadin/flow.git`
2. `git checkout <appropriate branch/tag>`
3. Edit `flow-client/pom.xml` and change `<gwt.module.style>OBF</gwt.module.style> to DETAILED or PRETTY`

> 4. Then build the project: `mvn clean install` in the `flow-client` folder.

Reviewer: I would avoid suggest changing the pom file, that may be then committed accidentally.
Better suggest changing the value at build time with a system property, e.g.
`mvn clean install -Dgwt.module.style=DETAILED`

Reviewer: We can perhaps also suggest adding the `-DskipTests` property to the command line, to skip tests

Author: Yes, good points, -Dskiptests will save some time too. I am adding these changes to the PR.

   - Do not mind the many ERRORS happening while building the JAR, eventually build can be SUCCESS still,

>    - the built JAR should be at the /target directory e.g. `target/flow-client-23.3-SNAPSHOT.jar`

Reviewer: I would not pin the version here, maybe just use X.Y
```suggestion
   - the built JAR should be at the /target directory e.g. `target/flow-client-X.Y-SNAPSHOT.jar`
```

Author: Thank you. Sure, we can do it, good idea!

5. Make sure your project is using the non-obfuscated `flow-client.jar`:

>    - Editing `pom.xml` or `gradle.build` or any other way,

Reviewer: It is not clear to me if this `Editing ...` statement refers to changing the property described in point 3

Author: No, I intended this to relate to your custom project pom.xml, to make sure you use proper versions, but I can delete this as making confusion.

Reviewer: Got it. I would perhaps make it explicit that editing the files is to pin the flow-client version.
Perhaps we can move here the first point of "Note for debugging"

Author: Oki, I will add/refactor this, and as I see, this is the last bit I need to tackle :).

Author: Done! Thank you again!

   - OR just uncompress the built JAR file and then copy the `FlowClient.js` from it to your proper directory 
   (where it is served to frontend) in e.g.: `frontend/generated/jar-resources`
6. Then you can debug the JS code in your browser's dev tools
   (e.g.sources tab: `VAADIN/generated/jar-resources/FlowClient.js`)

> 

Reviewer: I would add a point stating that you should ensure that `flow-client` dependency in an application project points to the built version (eg: be sure it is `X.Y-SNAPSHOT`) or add the dependency if not present.
For example, your project may use Vaadin 24.0.0, but you rebuild the flow client at version `24.1-SNAPSHOT`. In this case, you should probably add the flow-client dependency to overwrite the version the project is bringing in.

In addition, I think it is worth adding a note to recommend deleting the dev-bundle (`src/main/dev-bundle`) directory, as stated in the previous paragraph, but also cleaning the application project (`mvn vaadin:clean-frontend` or `mvn:flow-clean-frontend`) to be sure to use the rebuilt version of the Flow client.

   - `-DskipTests` - skipping tests is recommended, because tests are not needed for debugging and make the build process slower
   - Do not mind the many ERRORS happening while building the JAR, eventually build can be SUCCESS still,
   - the built JAR should be at the /target directory e.g. `target/flow-client-X.Y-SNAPSHOT.jar`
4. Make sure your project is using the non-obfuscated `flow-client.jar`:
   - Please make sure that your build tool config file (`pom.xml` or `gradle.build`) contains the proper information:
     - `flow-client` dependency in an application project points to the built version (e.g.: be sure it is `X.Y-SNAPSHOT`),
   - OR just uncompress the built JAR file and then copy the `FlowClient.js` from it to your proper directory 
(where it is served to frontend) in e.g.: `frontend/generated/jar-resources`
     - this option will make sure you use the non-obfuscated JS file (the other option can cause still some optimization)
5. Then you can debug the JS code in your browser's dev tools (e.g.sources tab: `VAADIN/generated/jar-resources/FlowClient.js`)

#### Note for debugging:

>    - you shall add the dependency if it is not present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - you shall add the `flow-client` dependency if it is not present.
```

     - For example, your project may use Vaadin `24.0.0`, but you rebuild the flow client at version `24.1-SNAPSHOT`. 
In this case, you should probably add the `flow-client` dependency to overwrite the version the project is bringing in. 

>    - also suggested to delete the dev-bundle (`src/main/dev-bundle`) directory
>    - also recommended to clean the application project (`mvn vaadin:clean-frontend` or `mvn:flow-clean-frontend`) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Delete the dev-bundle (`src/main/dev-bundle`) directory to be sure the project will not use a previously bundled version of the client
   - clean the application project (`mvn vaadin:clean-frontend` or `mvn:flow-clean-frontend`) is also recommanded
```
